SWAT step by step
Step 1 - check the readme files before loading data, in this case al the 6 randomly selected people seemed 
to have decent/good data. so continue. 

Step 2 - script A 

Fill out ID's hompath and savepath 
set eye_tracking to 'yes'
set Pausing_yn to 'no'  

Step 3 - script B 

First a note on the skipping of the optional cleaning script. This script takes a long time to run. Itll run the filtering on many different levels and doesn't save data but creates plots. This is so that you can see what are the ideal settings for the cleaning in the this script 

copy paste subjectlist from script a to b
copy past savepath in script a to hompath in script b
first analysis so 1 hz and 45hz filter, if everything is good redo it all with a stronger filter. 
i leave the clean data option as is (so 'y'), but if you want less cleaning you can set it to 2. itll only
delete chanels not delete moments of noisy data. 

once the script has run itll give you a last line : in this case "on averages 35.2469 % of the data got deleted"
So pretty okay, maybe a bit much depending on who you talk to. I'd say that this will be more if you filter less. so 
that is something to think about. I'd rather delete more bad data than keep garbage. The way we collect data normally
is that the recording stops based on triggers, so there shouldn't be any "non data" where someone is just sitting
and waiting. But this is something for you to decide how much cleaning is needed. 

Step 4 - script C 


~~~odly enough the grouping of the bad channels (on a group level) is not working since it's not critical only
informational i commented it out ~~~~

This is the first time we get to see the actual data. 
in this case you can run in in groups, so I put the 3 patiens (9### numbers) in one group and the adult controls
(12####) in the other. - this is because the group info is saved with the group name in a matlab file. This will be used again in script E. 

I make up some names for the groups (cystinosis / adult controls)
add a home path
once you hit run you get a plot that is rather meaningless. I usually set the scale to 50. It's important that you 
always put it to the same scale. if it's at 50 you shoulnd't see too much noise. It's tiring but worth it to 
go through as much data for each participant as possible. But for sure the start and the end. This is the moment 
where you can add single channels that are still messy. 
Also very important, you see triggers. Makes sure to check they are there, oddly enough there are some that are
called "condition xxx'  and some just a number. This gets fixed later on in another script. 

when there are no bad channels you can just hit enter after clicking on the control panel.

following things are of intrest. The total amount of time varries a lot. So that's something to look into
the other thing is thet particpant 9182 and 9182 has a ton of " bounndaries in their data. This means that the cleaning
function in script B (that I set to 'y') deleted a lot of data. If you lose too many people like that you could
choose to turn it off. 

Step 5 - script D
this script does the ICA and a bunch of other important stuff. While not everyone might agree with ICA. John does, 
since we just published again using it (my first first author paper yay). so i'd say 100% do it. 
it'll also give you insight in the data quality. Because if you and up with hardly any brain components that would
mean that there is too much noise. 

you can choose to select only_eye_ic. this is because when we didnt have fancy models doing this for us, it was
one of the only an noisyest component that is easly recognized and manually deleted. However we don't need to rely on humans so you can just set it to 'no' and clean as much as possible. 

Then i just let it run over night. But it took less than an hour to complete for 6 participants.

Step 6 - script E
This is done per group so you get info per group.

I copy the group info from script C. When you run it for everyone, you just need to create more group lists. I only use 2 so I can leave one empty, but I believe that I build it in a way that you can add as many groups as you like. 

You need to add the location of your binlist. In the github page I descript how to fill it with triggers. So I'm not writing that down here. But the file is now availible on github in the SWAT folder of the pipeline. I only will look at hits. I do make 3 groups (hits after green, hits after red and all hits combined.) you should really do a lot of messing around here. It leads to super intresting insights as to where you want to look at what are the best groups. You can get reaction times false alarms etc. But for now just the basic hits.

This is a tricky paradigm, not just for participants. Because the first trigger indicates which version they are playing. So we need to use 2 binlist files because the task is oposite between the 2. You can find a loop for this in line 43-53. Where it assigns for each particpant the right binlist. 

~~~~BIG NOTE~~~~
I made a jugdement error. So definitly do not delete parts of the data in script B. Set it to 'N' . All 2/3 cystinosis participants lost a trigger that I couldn't find back because of this. 
So from here on we wil only look at the 3 adult controls. 

Step 7 - script F
Skipping this for now it's something I really like, but is not meaningful for seeing of there are issues in the data/script. Once you have everyone analysed its perfect for seeing if you have odd partiicpants.

Step 8 - script G
Just added the basics like in the other script and ran it. Then decided to change the scale. Which can be done by playing around with parameters in line 31.


